Ews header deduplication bug (#31529)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftExchangeOnline/ReleaseNotes/1_2_35.md

#### Integrations

##### EWS O365

> - Fixed a bug **get_item_as_eml** and **parse_incident_from_item**, so they continue when adding limited header which already exists in the eml bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where **get_item_as_eml** and **parse_incident_from_item** failed due to having multiple headers of the same type.
```
